Added more examples (#627)
memgraph/docs: cypher-manual/functions.md

 | `min`     | <code>min(row: integer\|float) -> (integer\|float)</code> | Returns the minimum value in a set of values.                                                         |
 | `sum`     | <code>sum(row: integer\|float) -> (integer\|float)</code> | Returns a sum value of rows with numerical values generated with the `MATCH` or `UNWIND` clause.      |
 | `project` | <code>project(row: path) -> map("nodes":list[Node], "edges":list[Edge])</code>| Creates a projected graph consisting of nodes and edges from aggregated paths.|

> :::
> 
> :::info
> 
> All aggregation functions can be used with `DISTINCT` operator to performe calculations only on unique values. For example, `COUNT(DISTINCT n.prop)`, `COLLECT(DISTINCT n.prop)`.
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::info
All aggregation functions can be used with `DISTINCT` operator to perform calculations only with unique values. For example, `COUNT(DISTINCT n.prop)`  and `COLLECT(DISTINCT n.prop)`.
:::
```

Reviewer: Do you think it would be better to say "to perform calculations only with unique values"?
